Document in FAQ running KIC as DaemonSet (#6403)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/kic-v2/faq.md

[kube-proxy]: https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/kube-proxy
[k8s-endpointslices]: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/endpoint-slices/
[k8s-endpoints]: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#endpoints

### Is it possible to deploy {{site.kic_product_name}} with {{site.base_gateway}} as DaemonSet?

> It is possible. Such configuration may be useful in environments where LoadBalancer or NodePort Service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible. Such a configuration may be useful in environments where LoadBalancer or NodePort Service
```

> is not a desired choice. Deploy Kong as DaemonSet and configure Pods to use the network of the host they run on instead

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is not preferred. Deploy Kong as DaemonSet and configure Pods to use the network of the host they run on instead
```
